Replace vbNewLine with Environment.NewLine (#20065)
dotnet/docs: docs/visual-basic/language-reference/runtime-library-members.md

|<xref:Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbLinguisticCasing>|<xref:Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbLong>|<xref:Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbLongDate>|<xref:Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbLongTime>|  
|<xref:Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbLowerCase>|<xref:Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbMaximizedFocus>|<xref:Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbMethod>|<xref:Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbMinimizedFocus>|  
|<xref:Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbMinimizedNoFocus>|<xref:Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbMonday>|<xref:Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbMsgBoxHelp>|<xref:Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbMsgBoxRight>|  

> |<xref:Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbMsgBoxRtlReading>|<xref:Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbMsgBoxSetForeground>|<xref:Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbNarrow>|<xref:Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbNewLine> (This is obsolete starting with .NET 5.0)|  

Author: ```suggestion
|<xref:Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbMsgBoxRtlReading>|<xref:Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbMsgBoxSetForeground>|<xref:Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbNarrow>|<xref:Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbNewLine> (This is obsolete starting with .NET Core 3.0)|
```
